# Escrow-Mate: Ensuring Trust and Security in Online Transactions

In the realm of digital commerce, establishing trust between transacting parties remains a significant challenge. The absence of a reliable intermediary exposes buyers and sellers to fraud and disputes, hindering the growth of e-commerce. The proposed solution, the Digital Escrow Link app, aims to address this by providing a versatile, secure, and transparent platform for online transactions.
Utilizing blockchain technology and smart contracts, the app ensures tamper-proof transaction records and automates fund release based on predefined conditions. Integration with payment APIs, such as MTN Mobile Money, facilitates seamless fund transfers. A user-friendly interface, customizable transaction conditions, and dispute resolution enhance user experience and mitigate conflicts.
The app's multi-industry application and cross-border transaction compatibility make it suitable for diverse sectors and regions. Revenue generation through escrow fees and premium features ensures financial sustainability. By fostering confidence and reliability in online transactions, the Digital Escrow Link app aims to revolutionize digital commerce and empower businesses and individuals worldwide.

## Installation instructions:

Welcome to your new Escrow-Mate project and to the internet computer development community. By default, creating a new project adds this README and some template files to your project directory. You can edit these template files to customize your project and to include your own code to speed up the development cycle.

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with Escrow-Mate, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/deploy-locally)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/install)

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd MomoMarketLinkAdminDashboard/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
